readme.md, before:

# 📝 Task Manager App

A clean and modern task manager built with **vanilla JavaScript**, HTML, and CSS.  
Manage your tasks efficiently with a sleek, responsive interface, dark mode, live date/time, and real-time weather info.  

---

## 📸 Screenshot

![Task Manager Screenshot](screenshot.png)

---

## ✨ Features

- Add, delete, and edit tasks (double-click a task to edit)
- Mark tasks as completed
- Filter tasks (All / Active / Completed)
- Persistent storage using `localStorage`
- Dark mode toggle
- Live date & time
- Real-time weather information via Open-Meteo API
- Responsive & modern UI for desktop and mobile

---

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript (ES6)
- Open-Meteo API

---

## 🖥️ Prerequisites

- Modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Safari)  
- No server required; just open `index.html` in your browser

---

## 🚀 Live Demo

You can enable GitHub Pages for this repository to view it live:  
`https://your-username.github.io/repository-name/`

---

## 📦 How to Run Locally

1. Clone the repository:  
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/repository-name.git



made by Sara Carvalho for a javascript class @cesae digital
💻 https://github.com/sarang-1996

Commit message:

Revise README with screenshots, badges, and links
Updated the README to include screenshots in a table format, added technology badges, updated the live demo link, and provided the correct repository clone link. Added a license section and author information.

readme.md, after:

# 📝 Task Manager App

A clean and modern task manager built with **vanilla JavaScript**, HTML, and CSS.  
Manage your tasks efficiently with a sleek, responsive interface, dark mode, live date/time, and real-time weather info.  

---


## 📸 Screenshots

| ☀️ Light Mode | 🌙 Dark Mode |
|--------------|-------------|
| ![Light Mode](screenshots/lightmode.png) | ![Dark Mode](screenshots/darkmode.png) |



---

## ✨ Features

- Add, delete, and edit tasks (double-click a task to edit)
- Mark tasks as completed
- Filter tasks (All / Active / Completed)
- Persistent storage using `localStorage`
- Dark mode toggle
- Live date & time
- Real-time weather information via Open-Meteo API
- Responsive & modern UI for desktop and mobile

---

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-ES6-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Open-Meteo API](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open--Meteo%20API-0093DD?style=for-the-badge&logo=cloud&logoColor=white)


---

## 🖥️ Prerequisites

- Modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Safari)  
- No server required; just open `index.html` in your browser

---

## 🚀 Live Demo

You can enable GitHub Pages for this repository to view it live:  
`https://sarang-1996.github.io/task-manager/`

---

## 📦 How to Run Locally

1. Clone the repository:  
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/sarang-1996/task-manager.git


---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE) - see the LICENSE file for details.

---

made by Sara Carvalho for a javascript class @cesae digital
💻 https://github.com/sarang-1996
